welcome to slash forward
i hope you're doing well since we last
met in this episode we're watching a
harrowing tale of surviving in the
australian bush with wolf creek
if you've ever been afraid of being
abducted in the wilderness subscribe to
the channel to acclimate yourself to
your worst fears
let's get to it we open with an
understanding that many people go
missing in australia every year
and some are never found and then we
meet ben picking up a used automobile
for a trip he's taking with two sheilas
then we meet them liz and christy as
they soak up their final beach vibes
before embarking on an inland holiday
and they discuss how ben may be sweet on
liz so they'll need to cultivate that
and try to get him to make some serious
decisions regarding his claims about
having a girlfriend
after getting the mechanicals checked
they load their snacks into the car
and that evening they enjoy one last
rager before relaxing on their vacation
and you guys it looks like so much fun
the next morning's endless preparation
before leaving involves one last skinny
dip for liz
and then they finally start their trip
completely exhausted and smelling like
straight up musty ass
along the way they travel themselves
deep into mainland australia an
isolated and barren hellscape the center
of which contains a little hiking spot
called wolf creek
the crew eventually pulls into a caravan
park where they smoke out under a
mystical galaxy sky
ben shares a ufo story about a bloke in
the outback while driving through the
desolate wilderness he caught a flash of
light in the sky then he heard a boom
and all the electronics in his car died
this helps set the playfully spooky tone
of their trip
they break camp in the morning and set
out on the next six hour stretch of
their drive which is surrounded by
pristine wilderness
they eventually turn off to take
advantage of the last petrol station
before nowhere
while the ladies split off ben dicks
around and meets graham
who offers to finish him off during the
lull christy tells ben to get his [ __ ]
straight so he can hook up with liz
then they'll find some random bloke for
her and it'll be all gucci
as they talk liz is leered at by the
beer bellies inside who can barely
contain their excitement about the fresh
meat ben doesn't take kindly to their
boorish behavior
and simple gram of all people keeps the
peace so they continue on and eventually
arrive at the least popular park in
australia
after stocking up on supplies they
excitedly venture out onto earth that is
slightly different from normal for them
and they eventually arrive at the lip of
a giant meteor crater which is
pretty cool after a bit liz grabs the
bog roll and heads off to dig a hole
ben joins her and with a mere head tilt
expresses his intent and achieves
reciprocation and now that that's
settled we hope he can stop showing off
so damn much as they attempt to leave
they realize their watches have stopped
similarly the car is completely dead ben
can't find anything obviously wrong
under the bonnet and with sunset coming
they recognize that they'll have to
spend the night ben brings up the ufo
story again which is timed perfectly
with approaching
lights they eventually see are attached
to a terrestrial vehicle
what the bloody alien mob doing out here
piloted by a friendly bloke with
automotive repair skills he confirms
that their coils cactus
he can fix it but his gear is back at
his camp which is the opposite direction
from town they discuss it briefly and
agree to go so long as it doesn't cost
too much money because they're down to
just a few quid in a promising turn he
balks at the idea of them paying for his
hospitality so they get roped up and
find themselves at the mercy of the
guide truck
leading them to parts unknown they can
see little of what lies ahead but we'll
just imagine they're being dragged to a
quaint little bnb
after a few hours we have to wonder what
was this bloke doing
all the way up at wolf creek but no one
asked him that and then they roll up to
camp
they all enjoy some refreshing water
around the campfire a classic treat an
old mick tells him about life in the
outback
ben tries to find a way to relate to his
bush life but mick gets the sneaking
suspicion he's taking the piss
then things get a bit tensely awkward
and liz tries to convince ben to treat
him well since he's doing them a solid
but then she goes to have a one-on-one
and rushes him to complete the free job
before they all doze off
liz wakes up in a somewhat different
position than how she fell asleep
she takes a moment to ride around and
cry but then gets down to business with
a piece of broken
glass she surveys the area and finds the
prospects to be
unpromising but she slips out and sneaks
around to see what she can find
the engine is in pieces and their gear
is covered in blood she gets her shoes
but is prevented from running by the
sound of christy's screaming
she pulls up and takes a peep at mick's
man cave and sees a bloodied christy
tied to a post
begging for her life while mick takes
the piss finding the look on her face to
be absolutely precious
he proves to be completely unperturbed
by her revulsion of him
thinking quickly liz goes out and lights
the car on fire and tosses the propane
into the campfire causing an explosion
mick runs out and curses himself for
leaving the fire going and really the
self-doubt he must feel is the true
torture here then liz doubles back and
hides in his shop while trying to pick
her spot
after mick spends a little time
discussing his plans for christy
liz jumps out with his rifle he tries to
talk her down and she manages to open up
the side of his neck
she tries desperately to double tap but
she's unable to make it happen
instead they're forced to creep the keys
and hop in his truck as she works on
finding the clutch he lumbers out and
blasts out their windscreen
after ducking the shots liz tries to run
them down before pulling an exaggerated
three-point turn out of there they go
careening through the wilderness just
barely managing to stop before reaching
a cliff
with lights bearing down on them in the
distance they push the truck over to buy
them some time
then they find an intimate little spot
to tuck away and watch silently as mick
sorts things out in his brain
when he wanders off down the trail they
circle back and find he's kept the keys
with him so they use their time to run
back to camp to find another means of
escape having to pause regularly to deal
with christy's shortness of breath
and anxiety over imagining what months
of torture must be like liz instructs
her to wait while she goes it alone
she does manage to quickly find his
garage but also spends some time poking
around
and finds evidence of mick's success as
a taurus trap which includes video from
a family vacation that ends in a chance
encounter that appears to have unfolded
in a familiar manner
now properly freaked out she hops into a
car and runs through the key ring until
she finds the right one but as she takes
a moment to find her center mick gives a
little kaketish giggle before stabbing
her through the seat
liz also learns that one's hand is an
insufficient tool to fend off a giant
knife attack
and then mick uses an old pow tactic to
prevent any future running away by
severing her spinal cord
back in the wilderness christie wakes up
and realizes liz missed her timeline
per instructions she runs off in a
direction to find a road
she then begins her first ultra marathon
but finds it difficult to keep her
electrolytes up without a gatorade
station
luckily she's able to flag down a
passing car which is being driven by a
well-meaning old [ __ ]
unfortunately he takes a tick too long
to put two and two together and ends up
taking a round through the eye
chrissy then rushes to get the keys as
mick bears down on her mad max style
with nothing but straight away he easily
catches her but then buggers about a
little too
long chevy chase style and runs off the
road christy then celebrates too early
as he shoots out her tire and flips her
into a ditch
then mick casually guns her down and
puts the bodies in the trunk before
setting the car on fire
meanwhile back at the crib ben finally
wakes up and finds he's been crucified
a special punishment for the men despite
this being one of the top three
most confusing ways to wake up he gets
right to work wriggling himself off the
spikes
he emerges into the confusing hell the
girls just live through and takes off
into the bush
even if he dies we know he at least gets
to soak in a beautiful horizon
and an eclipse how lucky is that despite
the abundance of natural beauty he
screams into the uncaring void
and eventually curls up near a little
dirt road where a fine german family
happens to find him
this is good because the locals are
[ __ ] and after finding a town of
sufficient size he is airlifted out
since this is supposed to be based on a
true story it ends by showing us that
ben was suspected of the disappearances
but he got off
and that despite some follow-up nothing
came of it so mick is presumably still
freely wandering the wasteland
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch and i'd like to take a moment to
give a huge thanks to my donors
memorialized in the hall of head shots
wolf creek is a pretty good entry into
the psycho redneck genre it tries too
hard to build character in ways that
don't advance the plot and the true
story aspect seemed
unnecessary since they don't really lean
on that through basically the entire
movie otherwise it had a solid core of
intense melodrama and it certainly
didn't pull any punches in how it
treated its protagonists
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching